liquidctl: add page (#10664)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/liquidctl.md

# liquidctl

> Control liquid coolers.
> More information: <https://github.com/liquidctl/liquidctl>.

- List available devices:

`liquidctl list`

- Initialize all supported devices:

`sudo liquidctl initialize all`

- Print the status of available liquid coolers:

`liquidctl status`

> - Match with a string in product name and set fan speed to 0% in 20°C, 50% in 50°C and 100% in 70°C:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Match a string in product name to pick a device and set its fan speed to 0% at 20°C, 50% at 50°C and 100% at 70°C:
```
